Matthew Levandowski
315.286.2383
levandowski.matthew@gmail.com
http://www2.gvsu.edu/~levandma/

Objective

Experienced military leader with documented success in responsible and challenging positions; seeking a position to gain work related experience in order to progress to higher level positions. I have a proven record of accomplishment, mission-critical decision making, time-management, and extensive teamwork abilities; with the ability to develop and implement effective action plans. I have fulfilled a tour of duty in Afghanistan and four years of military service with an honorable discharge.

Education

   *  Grand Valley State University Allendale, MI
      B.A.Sc., Information Systems (Grades: 80%) Sep. 2009 - Present
         -- Relevant courses: Java programming, Data Structures and Algorithms, Digital Design, Computer
            Architecture, C programming, System Programming

   *   Muskegon Community College Muskegon, MI
       A.S.A., Science and Arts 2001-2006
         -- Finished degree after completing 4 year Active Duty contract with the U.S. Army.
         -- Relevant courses: Physics, Calculus, Statistics, Electroacoustic music

Work Experience

   * Clean Logix  Grand Rapids, MI
     Software Engineer Nov 2011 - Present
         -- Programmed in Ruby for a linux embedded device.
         -- Designed interfaces using Nokia's Qt graphical user interface toolkit.
         -- Written Software Requirements Specifications and UML Designs    

   * Kohls Department Store Muskegon, MI
     Advertisement Setter / Warehouse Nov 2009 - Present
         -- Work with other associates as a team to inventory and assess advertisement pricing and
	    policies for entire store.
         -- Customer assistance and interaction
         -- Warehouse inventory and offsite merchandise management

   *  180th Transportation Co., U.S. Army Reserve Muskegon, MI
      25F Communication Specialist Aug 2009 - Aug. 2010
         -- Train on various soldier skills and wheeled truck driving. Plan and execute regular training
            exercisesin support of the 180th Transportation Company.

   *  Shareco Communications Grand Rapids, MI
      Telecommunications Line Installer Mar. 2008 - Nov. 2008
         -- I was responsible for the installation, repair, and termination of cabling in commercial and
	    residential business.
         -- Proficient in the use of CAT5E, CAT6, 100-pair copper wire, and standard RG5 coaxial cable.
         -- Installation and splicing of fiber optic lines in commercial settings.

   * 710 BSB, 3rd BCT, 10th MTN DIV, U.S. Army Afghanistan
     Communications Specialist OEF VII Feb. 2006 - Jul. 2007
        -- Deployed in support of Operation Enduring Freedom as a communication specialist for a company
           sized element with more than 150 employees.
        -- Participated in the Joint Task Force as security for the occupying NATO and ISAF forces.
        -- Participated in the successful repatriation of a US Soldier in a Search and Rescue Mission.
        -- Maintained and Installed radio communication and navigation devices in armored vehicles.
    
Military Awards

Joint Service Achievement Medal (Secretary of Defense) May 2007
ISAF Medal Afghanistan (NATO) 2007
Joint Meritorious Unit Award (CJTF-76) 2007
Army Commendation Medal (U.S. Army) 2007
Army Good Conduct Medal (x2) (U.S. Army) 2007
Army Certification of Achievement (U.S. Army) 2006
Security Clearance
Secret (US Army) Exp. 2012

Skills

Programming: Java, C/C++, Ruby, Python, BASH, HTML, CSS, SQL

Operating Systems: Linux (Debian, Gentoo, ArchLinux), MacOSX, Solaris, UNIX, 
		   Windows95/98/NT/2000/XP/VISTA/WIN 7
                                   
Applications: Vim, Eclipse, LTEX, MS Office 2007, Adobe Photoshop/Premiere

Military Skills: General Dynamics C4 - MSE Network Systems, COMTECH MTS, Plugr, and BlueForce
     Tracker GPS devices, COMSEC devices, SIPR and NIPR networks, SINCGARS Radios, SMART-T
     Satellite Communications, Cisco routers

Miscellaneous: software configuration management, strong verbal and written communication skills,   
     excellent troubleshooting skills, exceptional problem solving skills, good teams skills
   
Interests

Academic: Ubiquitous Computing, RF/wireless, Operating Systems design / maintenance, Computer Security,
          Information Assurance

Memberships: Student Veteran Organization, CS Study Group, Total Trek Quest


